functiomed AG | Langgrütstrasse 112 | CH - 8047 Zürich | Telefon +41 44 401 15 15 | www.functiomed.ch | functiomed@hin.ch 1 The Golden Rules - functiotraining CHECK-IN / CHECK-OUT  Patients must check in and - out, before and after each training session. Upon your first visit, you are given a wrist badge or a sticker, to attach to the back of your phonecase.  Before each visit check in by holding up your badge or sticker to the reader at the entrance of the training to check- in to the training area. After you have finished your training session , check out by holding up your badge or sticker the reader.  This is used to keep track of the duration of your stay and to make sure that you are safe.  When your subscription ends, the badge must be returned at the reception. If you do not return it or if you lose it, you will be charged a fee of CHF 20.  The locker and showers in the changing rooms can be used during opening hours.  Functiomed AG is not responsible for any lost or stolen items.  Lockers must be emptied every evening.  Borrowed locks must be returned at the reception. Lockers must be emptied when the training area closes. TRAINING AREA  Training supervision (risk assessment, needs assessment and monitoring, training instruction and supervision)  The training area is supervised and monitored by a supervisor during most opening hours.  Only clean trainers may be worn on the training area.  Knee-length training trousers and shirts are compulsory. Vests or muscle shirts are not permitted.  Street clothes are not permitted on the training area.  Bags are not allowed to be left on the training area.  Food is not prohibited on the training area.  Instructions given by staff must be followed. Failure to comply may result in ejection from the training area.  The training area must be vacated 15 minutes before closing time.  Patients under 18 must have a legal guardian’s consent prior to training. USE OF EQUIPMENT  Equipment must be left in the same condition as before use . Weight discs must removed from machines or bars after use.  Due to hygiene reasons, a towel must be used as a sweat cover when using the equipment.  All surfaces must be cleaned with the provided disinfectant after each use.

functiomed AG | Langgrütstrasse 112 | CH - 8047 Zürich | Telefon +41 44 401 15 15 | www.functiomed.ch | functiomed@hin.ch 2 TIMESTOPP  In the case of medically certified inability to train due to illness or accident lasting over a week , during pregnancy, for compulsory military or community service a processing fee of CHF 20.00 will be applied  Retroactive time stop is only possible in cases of illness or accident. IMPORTANT When signing up for a members hip, you will be given a health form. This must be filled out completely and truthfully. Any health changes that may affect your training must be re ported to functiomed AG. If you are unsure about anything, please consult your doctor.