functiomed AG | Langgrütstrasse 112 | CH - 8047 Zurich | Telephone +41 44 401 15 15 | www.functiomed.ch | functiomed@hin.ch 1 PATIENT INFORMATION CONCERNING THE HANDLING OF PATIENT DATA In the following, we inform you about the purpose for which functiomed (hereinafter referred to as the "Centre") collects, stores or passes on your personal data. In addition, we inform you about your rights that you can exercise within the framework of data protection regulations. Responsibilities The body responsible for the processing of your personal data, and in particular your health data, is the Centre. If you have any questions about data protection, or if you want to exercise your rights under data protection regulations, please contact the practice staff. Collection of data and purpose of data processing Your data is processed (collected, stored, used and retained) on the basis of your treatment contract and legal requirements in order to fulfil the purpose of the treatment and the associated obligations. On the one hand, data is collected by the doctor or therapist providing treatment within the framework of your treatment. On the other hand, we also receive data from other doctors and healthcare professionals with whom you have been or are undergoing treatment, if you have given your consent to this. Only data that is related to your medical treatment will be processed in your medical history. The medical history includes the personal information provided on the patient form, such as personal particulars, contact details and insurance information, as well as, among other things, the informed consent discussion carried out during treatment and health data collected, such as case histories, diagnoses, therapy suggestions and findings. Duration of retention Your medical history will be retained for 20 years after your last treatment. After that, it will continue to be stored, with your express consent, or will be securely deleted or destroyed. Disclosure of personal data We only pass on your personal data, and, in particular, your medical data, to external third parties if this is permitted or required by law or if you have consented to the disclosure of data within the framework of your treatment.  Data is transferred to your health insurance provider, or the accident or disability insurance provider, for the purpose of billing the services provided to you. The type of data transmitted is based on the legal requirements.  Disclosure to cantonal and national authorities (e.g., the cantonal medical service, public health departments, etc.) is based on legal reporting obligations.  The necessary patient and invoice data will be passed on to the collection agency for the purpose of debt collection (collection of due claims for money).  In individual cases, depending on your treatment and your corresponding consent, data will be transmitted to other authorised recipients (e.g., laboratories, other doctors, other healthcare professionals). Internal accessing of data All functiomed healthcare professionals involved in your treatment have access to your personal and medical data. Healthcare professionals are obliged to maintain professional or medical secrecy. All information received must be treated with confidentiality. I n principle, they may not pass on any information to third parties without consent.

functiomed AG | Langgrütstrasse 112 | CH - 8047 Zurich | Telephone +41 44 401 15 15 | www.functiomed.ch | functiomed@hin.ch 2 Revocation of your consent If you have given your express consent to data processing, you can revoke any consent you have already given, in whole or in part, at any time. The revocation of or request to change your consent must be made in writing. As soon as we have received your written revocation of consent and the processing is not able to be based on any legal basis other than your consent, the processing will be discontinued. Your revocation of your consent does not affect the legality of any data processing conducted prior to our receipt of it. Information, access and issuance You have the right to receive information about your personal data at any time. You can view your medical history or request a copy. The issuance of this copy may be subject to a fee. Any costs that depend on the effort required to create the copy will be announced to you in advance. Right to data portability You have the right to have data that we process automatically or digitally handed over to you or to a third party in a common, machine-readable format. This also applies, in particular, for the disclosure of medical data to a healthcare professional of your choice. If you request the direct transfer of data to another data controller, this will only occur if it is technically feasible. Correction of your data If you find or believe that your data is not correct or is incomplete, you have the option of requesting it be rectified. If it is not possible to determine whether your data is correct or incomplete, you have the option of attaching a note of contestation.